jerky I could just remember I found this
inside the man wasn't going like this
earlier
good job it looks like this may work
against the demon
Oh
oh lucky you okay please he needs a
place to rest can someone help him I
don't think so it appears that you two
are cursed by demons we have had enough
trouble with demons I'm afraid you will
have to leave what we say you're stupid
village and this is the thanks we get if
he hadn't helped you that demon you died
would still be torturing you you don't
still be her slave so remembering that
he wants to do it doesn't matter okay
now I was a teen after all
that demon no that fiend was drawn by
your unwillingness to save yourselves
she pretended to be compassionate but
she used you all like slaves
she kept you on the brink of death only
so she could watch him suffer she fed
off your suffering and sorrow that's
what beans do rebuild your village bring
peace into your lives do it with your
own hands let's go go to home right
thank you tema
I'm glad they found peace yeah the child
has survived yep tonight yeah tomorrow
is the enemy of the fields yeah man must
perish demons of the underworld you must
carry out tomorrow nothing shall stop us
from doing our team and world akamaru
had at last saved the village from the
powerful fiend yet the villagers began
to look at ya kamata with growing
suspicion they began to fear and hate
his power yet jacky mao who did not mind
he had learned that not only could he
regain his lost body parts by defeating
the fiends he could bring happiness back
to the people at this world Hakeem I
will look to the heavens and swore an
oath he would defeat the 48 fiends and
make himself whole again no matter what
dangers may lie ahead
you